Update Connect-ExchangeOnline.md (#8949)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: exchange/exchange-ps/exchange/Connect-ExchangeOnline.md

The CertificateThumbprint parameter specifies the certificate that's used for CBA. A valid value is the thumbprint value of the certificate. For example, `83213AEAC56D61C97AEE5C1528F4AC5EBA7321C1`.

Don't use this parameter with the Certificate or CertificateFilePath parameters.

> **Note**: CertificateThumbprint paramete is only supported on Windows OS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**Note**: The CertificateThumbprint parameter is only supported on Windows operating systems.
```
